Update Apple Music docs to reflect recently merged features (#602)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: src/content/docs/music-providers/apple-music.md

|:-----------------------|:---------------------:|
| Subscription FREE | No |
| Self-Hosted Local Media   | No |

> | Media Types Supported | Artists, Albums, Tracks, Playlists, Artist Radio Stations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Media Types Supported | Artists, Albums, Tracks, Playlists, Radio |
```
Just the actual media types here.

Author: Done. I've also added a note in the `### Other` section clarifying that only artist radio stations are supported and live broadcast stations are not, since the generic "Radio" label in the table doesn't convey that distinction.

Reviewer: Perfect

| [Recommendations](/ui/#view-home) Supported | Yes |
| Lyrics Supported | No |
| [Radio Mode](/ui/#track-menu) | Yes |
| Maximum Stream Quality | [Lossy AAC (256kbps)](#known-issues--notes) |
| Login Method | OAuth or Cookie |

### Other

- Searching the Apple Music catalogue
- Browsing playlists organised in folders

> - Artist radio stations available via Browse and the Music Assistant [Home view](/ui/#view-home); live broadcast stations are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Artist radio stations available via Browse and the [Discover view](/ui/#view-home); live broadcast stations are not supported
```

Author: Good catch, fixed.

- Due to Apple's proprietary encryption (FairPlay), Lossless and Dolby Atmos versions of songs are not supported
- Due to limitations in the API, favouriting an item will only sync back to Apple Music for albums, playlists and tracks
- Due to lack of an offical API, it can take up to 5 seconds to transition between tracks

> - Only user-created playlists can be edited; shared and curated playlists are read-only

Reviewer: Did you mean to delete the section title? To have this in this section means you will look to support it in the future hence the word YET in the section title. If it can't be supported just rename this section to Known Issues / Notes

Author: Yes, intentional. The "Not yet supported" section previously contained library editing (adding/removing tracks, favouriting). Those features have since been implemented in PRs #3008, #3095 and others, so the section no longer applies. The playlist editing limitation ("only user-created playlists can be edited") is a permanent API constraint, not a planned future feature — so `Known Issues / Notes` is the right home for it. The section was already named `Known Issues / Notes` in the file; I just removed the now-obsolete "Not yet supported" section.

Reviewer: Ah sorry I didnt expand the view. All good!
